---
title: "And then I found github-learning-lab bot"
date: 2018-09-23
---
There are many different kinds of jobs out there in the tech industry, and well I manage to get myself into software development. The way things happen in this development thingy is like a moving train, a very fast moving train. Lately as I have come to notice, the tech scene from around here is rapidly expanding. More people are discovering the packs of excitement and are jumping on this train in droves. The rush, getting stuck, more rush and then you run it; yeaaah! It works. With software development, the career path is like well; imagine jumping on a fast moving train, that’s literally how it feels (perhaps for me) everything is fast and rapidly evolving.
For a starter in this journey to Developer Eldorado (in this context figuratively, Eldorado is a subjective term to describe a set goal/target) aiming to be that Ninja, 10x or whatever the new scary coined title is, there are hundreds of ways to this dream land and many distractions along the way, very easy to drift or even get lost, which I guess is not rare. You commit to one language or tool trying to “Master” it and boooom you read one very good written article saying this one is better, that one is faster, this is the new thing. And then that new thing you read starts getting attractive and another one over there is getting your attention before you know it, you are in a circle moving from one coach on the fast train to another. Your progress becomes hard to track, it’s like you are just all over the place. This is one of the major problems with the process of self-learning. Someone has to be very careful, steadfast and focused, with a plan.
To avoid this pitfall, experienced developers often advice on having mentors early on in your career, you need a guide, everybody needs a guide. There is vast number of resources pointing you in all directions to learn one thing or the other. Every one of them is convincing and flashy and the rave of the moment and even the best solution out there. You just have to keep testing and trying new stuff until you finally find a solution that suits you. There are just too many ways to learn, no one solution is the best. What works for you in learning one technology probably will not work in another. Figure out what’s working and get on with it. No one solution is the best.
After watching some video tutorials on YouTube and reading quite a few articles on how to get started with Github, I still couldn’t grasp it till after going through and finding the github-learning-lab and as they say, the rest is history.
Haven found my path/solution to learning Github properly; Eldorado is on sight and I will soon be able to confidently call myself a Developer. 
Junior Developer? Ninja? Expert? Novice?   Whatever!!
